---
title: Blog 1 - Starting GitHub again
layout: post
author: luke.marsden.2
permalink: /blog-tracker-template---2018-19/
source-id: 1fUtZctwBuxykG3EmUYZHZSqbTuKadycGwgYtPXTGTTQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson one - blogging basics</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>08/09/2018</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Remaking my github blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Make a new, professional looking blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Partially, as I still do need to get a colour scheme.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I found the blog making initially hard, but I managed to end up figuring it out by trying different ways to code things like the background.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I found the start a bit confusing, so asked a friend for some help.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I managed to use websites to find the code for background images, which let me make my blog look more professional. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I thought back to how I changed to about section on my last blog and then remembered how it worked.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I was listening to the teacher about how to find resources to help me. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>To improve, I could have taken notes as to what some useful bits of code or techniques were that I found. If I were straight onto the task too, I would've been able to do my background image in the time we had in the lesson. Also, I could have used the resources provided more often, as they did have everything I needed in them.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will have the resources site opened at all times, and I’ll be using it often for code for example for my tables, for the colour generator or maybe even for the grade boundaries. I also am going to buy a book to take notes of useful code I can use in future in. This will also help me memorise code and learn it for next time I have to reset my blog.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


