---
title: Blog 2 - Basic Cipher
layout: post
author: luke.marsden.2
permalink: /blog-2/
source-id: 1aq_BRTWmX6WcT9ioDDNgh9XUg_F59HSyjj_1IX6JrFs
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 2 - Starting the Google sheets cipher</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>17/9/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Looking at coding on Google sheets.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Make a simple Google sheets cipher.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Not just yet.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I kept trying to achieve my target, although I was a bit confused as to what to do and how to execute it properly.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I asked my friends lots of questions on how to code different things, although in the end I resulted to looking it up on Google.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I used Google to help find what I needed to code my cipher.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I looked back on how I used different pieces of python code for our Fuzebox project.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I asked questions during the explanation of how to make a basic cipher.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have really concentrated on what the teacher was explaining to us, and then would have been able to understand it far quicker, but I was a bit preoccupied on figuring out how some of the code he was showing us beforehand worked. I need to be able to take notes on what different code does in order to learn it quicker and be able to look back on it in future.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will take notes on all code we are shown, as it will all help in the future, as I will be able to look back on it to understand how to do certain things, for example how to join together different segments/ boxes on the sheet. This would improve my learning as I could look back on it in the future.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


